So you also have the possibility
to define multi-region access points on Amazon S3.
The idea is that with this access point,
you have a global endpoint
that will span multiple S3 buckets in multiple regions.
And the idea is that you access it only through one endpoint
and this endpoint will redirect you to the S3 bucket
that makes sense in the region that makes sense.
So it's going to dynamically route requests
to the nearest S3 bucket,
therefore providing you the lowest latency
and to make sure that while the data
in all the S3 buckets are equal,
you have bidirectional replication.
So the data is replicated
from one bucket to the next and vice versa.
This way, all your regions are synchronized
and we'll see as well, we have failover controls,
so it's possible for us to define all buckets are active,
or to have some buckets as a backup, so as a passive,
so that if we failover if there's a region problem,
then we can failover to the passive buckets.
So let's have a look at, for example,
an example with three regions.
We have US-EAST-1, EU-WEST-1, and AP-SOUTHEAST-1,
with the same S3 bucket
that's going to be replicated across all regions.
So automatically, these roles are created
by Amazon S3 for you,
so you just have to say it.
But then all the data within these buckets is
going to be replicated no matter what.
And as you can see, we must have replication rules
across all buckets to one another.
Then we create this S3 multi-region access point.
And then when our application is going to
request an S3 bucket object
then we're going to be routed automatically
to the region with the lowest latency.
And in case this region is down
then we may be redirected into the other regions.
So then we have the fellow rear controls I told you
about for your S3 access point.
So let's take an example of a bucket that's across
that's replicated across two regions.
Okay? And we have a multi-region access point.
Now in the case of an active passive fellow rear control
where you're going to designate one bucket as active
and the other one as passive.
Therefore whenever we request an object.
We're not going to go this time to the lowest latency
we're just going to go to the one that's active.
And of course, if you have multiple active ones
you will have the lowest latency.
And in case you will have a regional traffic discretion
for example, US-East-1 is experiencing a bad outage
then automatically you're going to have a failover initiated
and your request will go to the passive S3 bucket
which no matter what will contain all your data.
And these kind of failover controls are valid
for active/passive type of setups, but also active/active.
This is when you can write to multiple regions at a time.
Alright, that's it for this lecture.
I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.